[Intro: FRANKIE XY]
If I let go, call this off
Would I be normal like the way I was?
'Cause even though I'm all alone
I'd much prefer to live the way I want (
Yeah
)
[Verse 1: Guapdad 4000]
You think I like having to do this to you niggas?
You think I like pullin' up and hurtin' feelings?
You think I like crushin' egos on niggas tryna reload
Because I know they not shootin' niggas?
Look at what I had to do wit' us
How you feel, Bandcamp? You could have blew with us
Elevator sent weight down to move 'em up
You doin' right but we don't care, we call that doin' Russ
Take the "N" out of munch 'cause you not eating much
I got my bread in the crunch like I'm eatin' Dutch
Yeah, the wave started micro, we heatin' up
I left my left eye open, niggas creepin' up
I got chilly, I was rappin' in bars in Atlanta
Pulled up in a Uber, J. Cole, he took the Phantom
Goin' Ghost on a buster,
my Goyard is mustard
The Cartier crow, rich creek, I'm eatin' custard
Flew a bitch from Buffalo, my Cartier is buffalo
My wing sauce is buffalo, I'm way too hot
I work the dough like at Domino's
, they
spotted him like dominoes
And knocked him down like dominoes, his ass got popped
On my mama, I been doin' different
On my mama, I been tryin' my fuckin' best not to be out here trippin'
Come from immigrants, I'm livin' different
We was foolin' with them cards, we shoulda been magicians
, ha
What don't I get about saving money?
I know I made money, so why the fuck is it I can't stack up?
My little brother like to tote, something like a lil' boat
When he hit you with that yachty, bet you niggas act up
Like, period, city boys (Yeah)
Got a buzz, makin' noise (Yeah)
The little shit is all progress (Yeah, yeah)
Just gotta trust the Prada process (Yeah)
[Verse 2: 6LACK]
Well, I'm finally here to talk some shit
Well, I finally get to say some words
The way I speak so direct on these songs
It's like I didn't even make a verse
I get paid for my play on words
In Indonesia walkin' and connecting with the people
I done spent a lotta money and we still not equal
I flex by givin' back, 'cause that other shit I could do
But wouldn't sleep well, real nigga, so true, but
Don't excuse me from the vices
I take care of business first, and then I'm swiping
I'm in the club looking so undelighted
You in my section looking so uninvited
You sendin' bottles but you talk shit in private
I see the future, baby, I'm just being honest
For every time I thought I was ready, I had to find out that
God was on the sideline, yelling "Time out", yeah
Now my Rolex gold with diamonds around the rim
Lookin' for some more shit to put some diamonds in
Might put 'em all on a Kool-Aid pitcher
Just to let 'em know where I came from, nigga
I remember when we was burnin' steaks on the stove
Now it's medium steaks on a lake in a boat (Yeah, yeah)
My bank called, said you're making progress (Yeah, yeah)
You just gotta trust the Prada process (Yeah, yeah)
[Outro]
If I let go (
Are we good, James Delguapo?
), call this off
Would I be normal like the way I was?
'Cause even though I'm all alone
I'd much prefer to live the way I want
