[Intro: Guapdad 4000]
Yeah, look at this
(
James Delgado
)
Would you look at this?
[Chorus: Guapdad 4000]
Look at this, way too many hoes on my dick (Dick)
I can't even take a fuckin' piss, huh
Big weird, stop actin' like R. Kelly, lil' bruh (Huh?)
Fake woke hoes, they just fuckin' for brunch (Brunch)
Bitch, my money longer than the DMV line, line (Yeah)
Cartier my eyes, got my VVV's blind, blind, blind (VV's)
Money talk, so you not speakin' bands (Bands)
Take over the world 'cause I think I can, I think I can
[Verse 1: Guapdad 4000]
I know I can, I go again, these niggas is annoying (Yeah)
I'm flexin', I flexed on 'em, rub it in like ointment
They throwin' bands at my bitch, my ego is enormous
Gigantic, I see your antics, you an informant
'Forming, these niggas snitchin', these niggas bitches
Hungry, I'm eatin' bitches and shittin' riches
Indulgin', please don't interrupt me when I'm dozin'
Paparazzi takin' pictures, I just be posin'
They gawkin', I leave 'em jawless, I'm from West Oakland
Dope fiends was my fam, I'm from where the dope is
Took me for a store walk, served 'em, they got tore off
Wipe me down like floor mops, I'ma rip the doors off (Yeah)
I'ma put the doors up, the Tesla like a gull, uh (Mmm)
Swipin' in your storefront, we come through, fuck your store up
It's just me and James Delgado scrubbin' cards down on the marble
Drink my liquor straight from bottle, shooters with me hostile
[Chorus: Guapdad 4000]
Look at this, way too many hoes on my dick (Yeah)
I can't even take a fuckin' piss, huh (Piss)
Big weird, stop actin' like R. Kelly, lil' bruh (Never)
Fake woke hoes, they just fuckin' for brunch (Mimosa)
Bitch, my money longer than the DMV line, line
Cartier my eyes, got my VVV's blind, blind, blind (VV's)
Money talk, so you not speakin' bands (Huh?)
Take over the world 'cause I think I can, I think I can
[Verse 2: Denzel Curry]
I know I can, I know I can, I'm juggin' off the Instagram
I swipe it all, I gotta scram, proceed to hit the running man
What you know about a scam? Wanna pull up in a Lam'?
Tired of sittin' in a kitchen every day just eatin' Spam?
Fuck diamonds and pearls, I want all the coal and all the clams
Bought me a new iPhone and see all the apps are holograms
Dodgin' ham, pig, oink-oink with the body cam
They will never catch me, fuck the law and I don't give a damn
Ooh
Back in the day it was me and my goons
I came from Carol City,
caught a flight to Cancún
My nigga from the Bay is a boss tycoon
R.I.P. to Mac Dre, he was gone too soon
Real nigga here, so you better make room
Chopper street sweeper, hit that man with the broom
I gotta bet it all 'cause a nigga can't lose
I gotta bet it all 'cause a nigga
[Chorus: Guapdad 4000]
Look at this, way too many hoes on my dick
I can't even take a fuckin' piss, huh
Big weird, stop actin' like R. Kelly, lil' bruh (Never)
Fake woke hoes, they just fuckin' for brunch (Mimosa)
Bitch, my money longer than the DMV line, line
Cartier my eyes, got my VVV's blind, blind, blind (VV's)
Money talk, so you not speakin' bands (Huh?)
Take over the world 'cause I think I can, I think I can, I
