[Intro: Drake]
Can we try to make up for the lonely daze?
I love you, baby, come with me
(Yeah)
Tonight I'm gonna make you stay
(Uh, yeah)
[Pre-Chorus: Drake]
You my treacherous lil' twin, and you know that we locked in
And I love you like my kin, it's whatever for you
I go up and down that road, I go anywhere you go
When you tell me life is good, I want better for you (Yeah)
[Chorus: Drake]
You my twin
You my twin, you my treacherous lil' twin
You my twin, you my treacherous lil' twin
You my twin, you my treacherous lil' twin
[Verse 1: Drake]
Yeah, fuck what they say
Fuck what they— (Uh, yeah) Fuck what they— (Uh, yeah)
Fuck what they say
Five hundrеd million out the face, feel like K.K.
And I know thе city that we from not a safe place
But I know you ridin' with your twin 'til we fade away
We used to have nothin' to our names, still had great days
Always kept me umbrellaed up when the rain came
You tell me you want somethin', I would tell you, "Same, same"
Now when we come through inside this bitch they gotta make way
Twistin' up my fingers for my twin
You was always on go for the drama, dawg
I would toe tag somebody for your mama, dawg
And they block disappeared, that's some karma, dawg
You say you a dawg, then ruff, nigga, I'm a dawg
When I need a friend, you my best friend
When I need a friend, you my only friend (Yeah)
[Chorus: Drake &
21 Savage
]
You my twin
You my twin, you my treacherous lil' twin
You my twin, you my treacherous lil' twin
You my twin (
What?
)
When I need a friend, you my only friend (Mhm)
[Verse 2: 21 Savage]
Who can I depend on like you? No one (What?)
In the bed, she get wicked, with her parents she be wholesome (Woah)
I don't show ID at clubs, 'cause they know that I'm 21 (Woah, 21)
Who would do the things we do for each other? Nigga, no one (Woah)
Would you die for me?
Would you go at niggas necks like a tie for me?
Do the time for a crime you didn't do for me?
Or do a crime at a time when it was loose for me?
[Bridge: Drake]
I wanna tell you how I feel when I'm loaded
(Oh)
I would lay somethin' down for you
I would clear a whole town for you
Spray the whole hundred round for you
Twistin' all my fingers for my dawg
[Pre-Chorus: Drake]
You my treacherous lil' twin, and you know that we locked in
And I love you like my kin, it's whatever for you
I go up and down that road, I go anywhere you go
When you tell me
life is good
, I want better for you (Yeah)
[Chorus: Drake]
You my twin
You my twin, you my treacherous lil' twin
You my twin, you my treacherous lil' twin
You my twin, you my treacherous lil' twin
