[Intro: Young Thug]
(Metro)
[Pre-Chorus: 21 Savage]
I'ma slide anytime you want
Put you in Chanel, I'ma teach you how to stunt (21)
Slip and slide like a waterfall
You need some TLC, we can creep if you want (21)
[Chorus: 21 Savage]
Ayy, turn your phone off, take your clothes off (21)
I'm a savage, but I fuck her to a slow song (21)
Turn the lights down (21), lay the pipe down (21)
I ain't Mr. Right, but I'm Mr. Right Now (Straight up)
[Verse 1: 21 Savage]
She want me to fuck her to Beyoncé (Straight up)
But I don't treat her like she my fiancé (On God)
Make that thing sing like Sade (21)
1942, it ain't no Chardonnay (21)
In a Lam' truck (Yeah), with my Richard on (Yeah)
Got a pretty girl (21), that I'm feelin' on (21)
We in quarantine (On God), but my M's long (On God)
Buddy lame-lame, he got friend-zoned (On God)
Got a couple spots (21), and they all owned (21)
Bought a penthouse (21), 'cause I'm never home (On God)
Threw my heart out the window, feelings gone (21)
Threw my heart out the window, but
[Pre-Chorus: 21 Savage]
I'ma slide anytime you want (21)
Put you in Chanel, I'ma teach you how to stunt (On God)
Slip and slide like a waterfall (Straight up)
You need some TLC, we can creep if you want (Straight up)
[Chorus: 21 Savage]
Ayy, turn your phone off (Straight up), take your clothes off (Straight up)
I'm a savage, but I fuck her to a slow song (Straight up)
Turn the lights down (Straight up), lay the pipe down (Straight up)
I ain't Mr. Right, but I'm Mr. Right Now (21)
[Verse 2: Drake]
Turn your phone off, take your clothes off
I'm a sav', but I fuck her to a slow song
Said the nail lady went and did her toes wrong
Said her last man was always playin' Drake songs
Yeah, cellphones out when I roll up
Yeah, the nigga had a problem 'til I showed up
Everybody with a "at" before they name tough
Yeah, more concerned with blowing up than growing up
Yeah, said she wanna fuck to some SZA, wait
'Cause I used to date SZA back in '08
If you cool with it, baby, she can still play
While I jump inside that box and have a field day
I'm the slow stroke king, hit me anytime
And my goal is to get you to the finish line
I seen good movies end bad plenty times
So let me finish strong, girl
[Pre-Chorus: 21 Savage & Drake,
21 Savage
,
Drake
]
I'ma slide anytime you want
Put you in Chanel, I'ma teach you how to stunt (
On God
)
Slip and slide like a waterfall
You need some TLC, we can creep if you want (
If you want
)
[Chorus: 21 Savage]
Ayy, turn your phone off (Straight up), take your clothes off (Straight up)
I'm a savage, but I fuck her to a slow song (Straight up)
Turn the lights down (Straight up), lay the pipe down (Straight up)
I ain't Mr. Right, but I'm Mr. Right Now (21)
[Outro: 21 Savage]
She want me to fuck her to some Keith Sweat (21)
But she stay in apartments I got beef at (On God)
Pussy so good, I had to sneak back (On God)
Hit her with my Glizzy, boy, I keep that
You fuck with the ones that fuck with you, what?
The niggas—, the bi—, the dumb-ass bitches wanna come up and lay up and give you pussy at, what?
Twelve? One o'clock at night? Face-ass nigga, do I look dumb, stupid or slow?
Nigga, please, what the fuck is you talkin' 'bout?
Just like you wanna stick a dick up in me, I want some motherfuckin' money
And don't get in your motherfuckin' feelings when you see me in the motherfuckin' club randomly
And one of your niggas wanna get down on me
And I wanna give them some pussy 'cause they gave me some money
Know what I mean? It's easy
