[Verse 1:
Lisa Hannigan
and Matt Berninger]
Something's leaving me behind
It's just a feeling in my mind
What was it you always said?
We're connected by a thread
If we're ever far apart
I'll still feel the pull of you
[Interlude: Matt Berninger]
I know, I get it
I'm either at the bottom of a well or spinning into somebody's outdoor glass furniture
Is this how I lose it? Everything at once? Carried to space by a dolphin balloon?
Whatever magical thinking you need to hang around your neck, right?
Maybe we'll end up the ones eating chocolate chip pancakes next to a charity swimming pool
The next time I see you will probably be in some pool or upscale tropical funeral
I dream that's what Nina Simone said to her lover John when he left
[Chorus: Matt Berninger]
Maybe we'll talk it out inside a car
With rain falling around us
We all know this rain is hard to take
I know I can get attached and then unattached
To my own versions of others
My view of you comes back and drops away
[Interlude]
It's just that I’m still here and there's still everything you don't know
Oh, how often I dream about you
You don't know how I need you
You got me all wrong
If I said I was sorry for always being underwater, would you stay?
You can take me
There's no difference between you and me
Tell me what you would say if I said that to you
I get you, you're not like anything. Do you hear me? Just be here
Don't let me get in the way of you finding everything
What was it? The story you told me?
Why am I so hard to be around?
Here at the approach of the end of everything
[Bridge: Matt Berninger and Lisa Hannigan]
Sometimes I don't think I'm really around here half the time
Sometimes I don't think I'm really around here at all
Sometimes I don't think I'm really around here half the time
Sometimes I don't think I'm really around here at all
[Outro: Matt Berninger and Lisa Hannigan]
Something's leaving me behind
It's just a feeling in my mind
What was is it you always said?
We're connected by a thread
If we ever get far apart
I'll still feel the pull of you
