[Part 1]
[Intro: Big Sean]
Yeah
We secure the enemy!
Yeah, look
If they do not surrender, shoot 'em on sight! Shoot on sight!
Yeah
[Verse 1: Big Sean &
Young Thug
]
Talkin' to my momma half the time (Yeah)
Talkin' to my daddy half the time
Streets crazy, they don't salvage time
Look at the news, that's savage time (Woah)
Rolex, that's savage time (Ro')
Pass the licks, I ain't passin' time (No)
Cutthroat, we on savage time (Cut)
Cutthroat, we on savage time, look
I'm takin' out anyone in my way (Way)
I'm not playin' with you, bitch, this not the WNBA (No)
I'm a real-life star, so you know I need my space (You know)
Beat a white supremacist black 'til that motherfucker hate his face (Lil' bitch)
I been goin' through some issues that nobody dealin' with
Surrounded by real killers and shit, doin' it for the thrill of it
Graveyards on some thriller shit, only zombies 'round here fiends
They need help and they had dreams, but don't nobody give a shit?
(
Metro Boomin want some more, nigga
)
Yeah, just like them boys in cells who had dreams of NFL (Yeah)
How they supposed to pray to God if they keep wakin' up in Hell?
Been there so long, they got pictures with the fuckin' devil himself
Everybody need direction, even if it's to find theyself
Look, I'm the greatest of our time, bitch, I do it 'til I die
Swear I'm done with all the bullshit like I moved up out the Chi' (Like that)
All that fuck shit obsolete, boy, I hop up on my feet (My feet)
I'm the only one stoppin' me
I give you one finger away for peace (Fuck it)
I'ma take that water from Flint and I'ma go up there to D.C
I'ma make the President drink, he wouldn't even let it touch his sink
I said, "God, we need a blessin'."
God said, "Go and see the reverend"
People lined outside the churches like it's the white and blue 11's (Straight up)
Hurricanes hittin' with another bomb threat
Man, this shit feel like Armageddon
,
swear I'm goin' every second
So I keep good weed, good vibes, good crystals (Yeah), lavender eucalyptus
Mixin' it with the incense, just to relieve my tension
Savage time, yeah, it's time to take this shit (Take it)
I mean record-breakin' shit, all we doin' is takin' risks (That's all)
I ain't got time to take my time, I'm doin' it like my life on the line
I ain't have no lifeline in my whole lifetime, no hero to hide behind (Behind)
With a soul like mine, when it go nighttime
There's no other choice, but to shine (But to shine)
Look, no gold mines, set goals in my mind
When the stars are aligned, I'm divine (Straight, straight)
So understand we gon' see success, that's inevitable (Woah)
You couldn't hold me down even if I was in federal (Woah)
You couldn't stop these plays even if I was ineligible
Kneelin' like Colin Kaepernick if that shit unethical (Kaep')
Yeah, free my mind, no bargain
Got one girl, she the hardest (I swear)
That pussy superchargin', makin' love between war
And then I hit the stage, then get to talkin' like I'm Marcus Garvey (Like I'm Marcus)
Like, how is dark skin a weapon, but they treat it like a target?
Like how if you rich in the mind, then you already worth a fortune
Like you deserve every single golden por—[
gunshots
]
[Part 2
]
[Segue]
Shots fired, I need 'em right now!
I need 'em, man down right now!
Shots fired, I repeat backup request!
Front line, front line, front line!
[Interlude: Big Sean]
Back up, watch your tone!
I am at a point where I just don't have anymore to give or feel
Back up!
How the fuck I'm supposed to feel? Shit's way too real in the field
Get out!
Tell me how the fuck I'm supposed to feel now
No, stay here!
Shit real out here in the field, got me on no chill
You lost your mind!
These bitches got me on no chill
Go!
[Refrain: Travis Scott &
Future
]
Shots fired!
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
I got it!
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
No!
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
If Young Metro don't trust you, I'm gon' shoot you
[Part 3]
[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Young nigga heaven-sent, raisin' hell 'til it's heaven again
My niggas used to sell dope, they was Backstreet Boys
Cops land 'em on the pavement, now they black street boys
Pinstripe suits, how I'm mobbin', alley-oop opportunities, yeah
I lob it to all of my niggas 'cause we got no other option
I pray V-12 is the only time I'm boxed in
Fuck a fake ho, that bitch toxic
Push her off of me like I'm in moshpits
Everyday, fresh as fuck, you niggas never fly, you an ostrich
Back room of the restaurant, we the mobsters
Bitch, I'll never touch a mop in my life
I'll never have a nine-to-five in my life
I'm ridin' through the D with all my jewelries
So much love for me, I never get robbed in my life
Aretha Franklin, respect it, respect
So in tune, I forgot how to stress
So in tune like the choir that's blessed
Boy, no stunt double, I'd die by the set, yeah
Got signed up like a nigga protest
If I ain't a pro at it, then a nigga pro-effect
Been doin' this forever, I ain't gettin' old yet
Bitch, I'ma fill this up with Möet
And my girl get more wet, only thing I cuff is Rolex
My nigga workin' with them bows, that's Bowflex
I straighten this shit out, no Botox, I call the shots, no techs
Rockin' enough chains for four necks, bitch
[Part 4]
[Bridge: Travis Scott]
Freedom bells, freedom ring (Yeah)
Free the eyes, Hennessy (Yeah, yeah)
Freedom bell (Yeah, yeah)
Freedom bell (Straight up)
[Refrain: Travis Scott]
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (Yeah)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (Yeah, ah, ah)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (Yeah)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (Yeah, ah, ah)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
