[Instrumental Intro]
[Verse 1]
Countdown is commencing
Pretty soon, I'll be saying, "Goodbye, Earth."
A rocket ride on a bucking bronc
At seventeen thousand miles an hour
It's only seven months to Mars
Give or take a light year or two (Or three)
And I wanna (I wanna), I wanna be an astronaut
I wanna, I wanna, wanna
[Pre-Chorus 1]
Starting lift-off procedures
All systems standing by, over
Over?
[Chorus]
Blast-off, I'm on my way, I'm a shooting star
A man on a mission
I hang with the man on the moon, I'll be there soon
A man on a mission to Mars
[Verse 2]
I headbang on the gangway
Say my prayers, cross my heart and hope to die
Open a window for the Seven Sisters of Pleiades
"Hello, ladies."
("Hello, Moon Man!")
Three hundred million milеs to Mars
It doesn't seem so far away (Yes, it does)
And I wanna (I wanna), I wanna bе an astronaut
I wanna, I wanna, wanna
[Pre-Chorus 2]
Starting landing procedures
All systems standing by, over
Over?
[Chorus]
Blast-off, I'm on my way, I'm a shooting star
A man on a mission
I hang with the man on the moon, I'll be there soon
A man on a mission to Mars
Blast-off, I'm on my way, I'm a shooting star
A man on a mission
I hang with the man on the moon, I'll be there soon
I'm a man on a mission to Mars
[Spoken Bridge]
"Commander, is there any evidence of prior civilization on the surface?"
"Utopia, roger. I see debris and rubbish everywhere that's covered in dust. There's an abandoned spacecraft buried 1-3-0, 200 meters. Standby. Everything's covered in rust, and yet, no signs of life, at least not yet."
"Why don't we just return to Earth and let it
rust in peace
out here?"
"Utopia, I have seen to have found a time capsule of some sort. It appears to have words on it."
"What does it say? Commander? Commander?"
"The objective is compromised. We have to go now!"
"Initiating start up sequence. Three minutes to lift off."
"We don't have three minutes!"
"Roger, powering up generators."
"Emergency, urgent! This is a message from Mars! Request permission to return to Earth, over. Emergency, urgent! This is a message - They're not hearing us! Request permission to return to Earth?"
"This is Space Force Control, permission to return to Earth is denied. Proceed a warp speed to Jupiter."
"No, no! This is a message from Mars. Engaging off, all engines go. We must return to Earth, urgent, over."
"Star Ship Utopia, Earth has been vaporized. But we have found
a new way, and you were the first in line."
"Starting crash landing procedures. All systems standing by, over. Over. Over?"
[Outro]
("Mission failure. Mission failure. Mission failure. Clear. Mission failure. Mission failure.")
