[Verse 1]
So now tell me how your story goes
Have you ever suffered?
If so, did you get better or have you never quite recovered from it?
Did you find your lover laying in your bedroom with another and then
Did you let it hover over you and everything else well after the fact?
[Verse 2]
Show me all your bruises. I know everybody wears them
They broadcast the pain - how you hurt, how you reacted
Did cancer take your child?
Did your father have a heart attack?
Have you had a moment force the whole heart to grow or retract?
Or just shrink?
Does the heart shrink?
[Verse 3]
Tell me everything
Tell me everything you know
Were you told as a child how cruel the whole world could be?
Did anybody ever tell you that?
Tell me what your purpose is
Who it was that put you here and why?
Did anybody really put you here at all?
And what of those necessities?
Like how to cope with tragedy and pain?
Did anybody ever show you how?
When it hits will my heart burst or break or grow strong?
Is there
really only one way to know
now?
[Verse 4]
I’m not sure if I’m ready yet to find out the hard way
How strong I am, what I’m made of
I’m not sure I am ready yet to walk through the fire
I’m not sure I can handle it
Do you think if the heart keeps on shrinking
One day there will be no heart at all?
And how long does it take?
Am I better off just bursting or breaking?
Cause I don’t see my heart getting strong
[Verse 5]
Tell your stories to me
Show your bruises
Let’s see what humanity is capable of handling
She lost her kid, only seven, to cancer
She answered with faith in her God and carried on
While he was attacked by his son and was stabbed in his stomach and his back and his arms
He showed me scars
82 years old, told me, “I still have my daughter and my wife
And I still have my life and my son.”
[Verse 6]
Tell me what your worst fears are
I bet they look a lot like mine
Tell me what you think about when you can’t fall asleep at night
Tell me that you’re struggling
Tell me that you’re scared
No, tell me that you’re terrified of life
Tell me that it’s difficult to not think of death sometimes
Tell me how you lost
Tell me how he left
Tell me how she left
Tell me how you lost everything that you had
Tell me it ain’t ever coming back
Tell me about God
Tell me about love
Tell me that it’s all of the above
Say you think of everything in fear
I bet you’re not the only one who does
[Outro]
Everyone in the world comes at some point to suffering
I wonder when I will, I wonder
Everyone is out searching for someone or something
I wonder what I’ll find, I wonder
Everyone in the world comes at some point to suffering
I wonder when I will, I wonder
Everyone is out searching for someone or something
I wonder what I’ll find, I wonder
I wonder what I’ll find, I wonder
I wonder what I’ll find
I wonder what I’ll find
I wonder what I’ll find
