[Intro: Ariana Grande]
Hmm
[Verse 1: Ariana Grande]
You might think I'm crazy
The way I've been cravin'
If I put it quite plainly
Just gimme them babies
So what you doin' tonight?
Better say, "Doin' you right" (Yeah)
Watchin' movies, but we ain't seen a thing tonight (Yeah)
[Pre-Chorus: Ariana Grande]
I don't wanna keep you up (You up)
But show me, can you keep it up? (It up)
'Cause then I'll have to keep you up
Shit, maybe I'ma keep you up, boy
I've been drinkin' coffee (I've been drinkin' coffee; coffee)
And I've been eatin' healthy (I've been eatin' healthy; healthy)
You know I keep it squeaky, yeah (You know I keep it squeaky)
Savin' up my energy (Yeah, yeah, saving up my energy)
[Chorus: Ariana Grande]
Can you stay up all night?
Fuck me 'til the daylight
Thirty-four, thirty-five (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Can you stay up all night? (All night)
Fuck mе 'til the daylight
Thirty-four, thirty-five (Yeah, yеah, yeah, yeah)
[Verse 2: Doja Cat,
Ariana Grande
&
Both
]
Can we stay up all night? Fuck a jet lag
You bring your fine ass and overnight bag
Add up the numbers or get behind that
Play and rewind that, listen, you'll find that
I want that six-nine without Tekashi
And I want your body and I'll make it
obvious
Wake up the neighbors, we got an audience
They hear the clappin', but we not applaudin' 'em (Yeah, yeah)
Six o'clock and I'm crushin'
Then it get to seven o'clock, now he want it (Uh)
When it hit eight o'clock, we said, "Fuck it"
Forget your girl, pretend that
I'm her
Come make the cat purr, come make my back hurt, ayy
Makin' that squirt and rain and shower and spray (
Ah
)
Now that's perfect, baby, we don't sleep enough
But I'ma keep you up if you can keep it up (
Baby
)
[Chorus: Ariana Grande]
Can you stay up all night? (All night)
Fuck me 'til the daylight (Daylight)
Thirty-four, thirty-five (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Can you stay up all night? (Can you stay?)
Fuck me 'til the daylight (Can you stay?)
Thirty-four, thirty-five (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
[Verse 3: Megan Thee Stallion]
Ayy, rock you like a baby, but you know I'm 'bout to keep you up
(Ah)
Welcome to my channel, and today I'm 'bout to teach you somethin' (Teach you somethin')
I can make it pop, legs up like a can-can (Bow, bow)
Wake the neighbors up, make it sound like the band playin' (Mwah, bow)
Bitch, let me get cute (Yeah)
He's about to come through (He about to come through)
I've been in the shower for 'bout a whole hour (Yeah, yeah)
He finna act a dog in it so he get the bald kitty (Yeah, yeah)
Netflix or Hulu? Baby, you choose (You choose)
I'm up like Starbucks, three pumps, ooh (Pumps, ooh)
This pussy good for your health, call it superfood (Superfood)
When I'm by myself, DIY like it's YouTube (Ah, ah)
Bad, bad bitch, all the boys wanna spank me (Spank me)
Left him on read, girlfriend need to thank me (Thank me)
Make his toes point, ballerina, no tutu
Baby, I'm the best, I don't know what the rest do (Hey, hey, hey, yeah)
Dive in that water like a private island
Thirty-four, thirty-five, we can sixty-nine it (Ah)
And I been a bad girl, but this pussy on the good list (Good list)
I hope you ain't tired, we ain't stoppin' 'til I finish, ah (Hey, hey, yeah)
[Chorus: Ariana Grande]
Can you stay up all night?
Fuck me 'til the daylight (Yeah, yeah)
Thirty-four, thirty-five (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Thirty-four, thirty-five)
Can you stay up all night? (Do you know what that means?)
Fuck me 'til the daylight (Do you know what that means?)
Thirty-four, thirty-five (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
[Outro: Ariana Grande]
Means I wanna "69" with you
No shit
Math class
Never was good
