[Intro: Joyner Lucas]
Mm
I'm sorry (Yeah)
I'm sorry (Yeah)
[Chorus: Joyner Lucas]
I broke your heart, huh? (Yeah)
You knew I was a fuck nigga from the start, huh? (Uh)
You should've listened when they said I was a dawg, huh? (Joyner)
You should've listened to your head when you had thoughts, huh? (What?)
That's what you thought, huh? I left you scarred, huh?
You'll never be the same again, put that on God, huh?
I took your heart and then I tore that shit apart, huh?
I fucked you over, did you dirty, did you wrong, huh?
I did you wrong, huh? I did you wrong, yeah
[Verse 1: Joyner Lucas]
You say you hate me, but I know that this your song, yeah (Song)
Angry texts 'cause we don't ever get along, yeah (Oh)
We been rockin' with each other for so long, yeah (Yeah)
Maybe that's why it's been harder to move on, yeah (Yeah)
And you changed too (Changed)
And your mama and your friends think I'm to blame too (Blame)
And you hate it when somebody say my name, ooh (Joyner)
Every time you hear my name, you wanna drink, ooh, ooh, ooh
You wanna go out, you wanna get drunk, you wanna get lit (Lit, lit, lit)
You wanna get crazy, do everything that you never did (Did, did, did)
You wanna get bent, you wanted revenge, you wanna get dick (Dick, dick)
But you ain't about that life, so you might fuck a bitch (Bitch, bitch, bitch)
You might, you might break a window (Facts)
You might do some wild shit out of impulse (Yeah, yeah)
You say that you hate me and we not involved (Yeah)
But you still checkin' on me, tryna find info, I know (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
[Chorus: Joyner Lucas]
I broke your heart, huh? (Woah)
You knew I was a fuck nigga from the start, huh?
You should've listened when they said I was a dawg, huh?
You should've listened to your head when you had thoughts, huh? (Huh?)
That's what you thought, huh? I left you scarred, huh?
You'll never be the same again, put that on God, huh?
I took your heart and then I tore that shit apart, huh?
I fucked you over, did you dirty, did you wrong, huh?
I did you wrong, huh? (Yeah, woah, woah)
[Verse 2: J. Cole &
Joyner Lucas
]
I hate a fuck nigga, used to be a fuck nigga
Couldn't even blame her if she did fuck niggas (
Yeah
)
You run your bitch through the mud, you deserve that
So you can feel it for yourself where it hurt at (
Buck, buck, buck, buck
)
What goes around comes around, I know you heard that (
Hey
)
While you was creepin', tell me, did it not occur that (
Yeah
)
There's niggas slidin' in the DMs, every AM, every PM?
Used to be like automatic, she would curve that (
Yeah
)
That was before, when you was loyal
Now it's thirst traps on her profile, and niggas know how to (
Hey
)
Spot a chink in your armor, you been trippin', dawg (Uh-huh)
You ain't been keepin' your promise, you been pimpin', dawg (Uh-huh)
Now bitches wink in your comments, she's suspicious, dawg (Uh-huh)
And now you reaping your karma, she got niggas, dawg (Uh-huh)
Callin' her phone while you gone and your bitch ass
Can't even feel no way, 'cause you doin' her the same (
Ayy
)
Now you know the pain
And what used to be the dynamic duo's in flames
And you too proud to see that you hold the blame
From all that playin', nigga, we too old for games (
Yeah
), man
[Chorus: J. Cole]
You broke her heart, huh? (Ayy)
When you met her, she was young and hella pure, huh?
Ain't had no clue that she was fuckin' with a dawg, huh?
You never thought you'd see the day that she was gone, huh? (Yeah)
But you was wrong, huh? (Yeah) Yeah, you was wrong, huh?
'Cause now it's late and she ain't answerin' your calls, huh?
She VIP, she out here fuckin' with the stars, huh?
Some other nigga got her now, he 'bout to spoil her
You could've spoiled her, ayy, but you starved her, yeah, yeah
