[Produced by J. Cole & Vinylz]
[Intro]
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
[Chorus]
Nigga, why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for you, either way it go
Tell me, girl, why you be stressin' me for time? (Time, time, time, time, time, time)
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn, my nigga, why you actin' like a bitch? (Bitch, bitch, bitch)
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here, baby, why you always insecure? ('Cure, cure, cure, cure, cure, cure)
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure
[Verse 1]
Yeah, ain't a way around it no more, I am the greatest
A lotta niggas sat on the throne, I am the latest
I am the bravest, go toe to toe with the giants
I ain't afraid of you niggas, I'll end up fadin' you niggas
'Fore it's all said and done, this nigga need medicine
My Uzi, it weighed a ton, I need me a better gun
In fact I just might need two, 'cause niggas say they the one
And I got somethin' to prove
Forgive me, Lord, here they come, blaow
[Chorus]
Nigga, why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for you, either way it go
Tell me, girl, why you be stressin' me for time? (Time, time, time, time, time, time)
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn, my nigga, why you actin' like a bitch? (Bitch, bitch, bitch)
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here, baby, why you always insecure? ('Cure, cure, cure, cure, cure, cure)
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure
[Verse 2]
My inhibition's fightin' my intuition
Premature premonition, showin' me the demolition
Of these phony niggas, so ahead of my time
Even when I rhyme about the future I be reminiscin'
You want the truth? Well, come and listen
I'm like that time you bagged a dime and checked your phone and saw it was a number missin'
As fate passes you by, half of you try
The other half of you fried, too high to actually fly
One day y'all have to decide, who you gon' be
A scary nigga or a nigga that's gon' rule like me
Keep it true like me,
Cole, you might be
Like the new Ice Cube, meets the new Ice-T
Meets 2 Live Crew, meets the new Spike Lee
Meets Bruce like Wayne, meets Bruce like Lee
Meets '02 Lil Wayne, in a new white tee
Meets KD, ain't no nigga that can shoot like me, blaow
[Chorus]
Nigga, why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for you, either way it go
Tell me, girl, why you be stressin' me for time? (Time, time, time, time, time, time)
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn, my nigga, why you actin' like a bitch? (Bitch, bitch, bitch)
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here, baby, why you always insecure? ('Cure, cure, cure, cure, cure, cure)
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure
[Bridge]
(Who's the king?)
Came from the bottom, nigga, with stains on my shirt
What you expected from me, I came from the dirt (Who's the king?)
Money my motivator, the songs that I sing
Picture a peasant passin' from pawn to a king
(Who's the king?)
You tell me you still love me, if so then let me go
Will I return or will I burn, never know (Who's the king?)
Look in my eyes and see the future
But don't sugar coat it (Yeah)
[Verse 3]
Listen,
history repeats itself and that's just how it goes
Same way that these rappers always bite each other's flows
Same thing that my nigga Elvis did with Rock 'n Roll
Justin Timberlake, Eminem and then Macklemore
While silly niggas argue over who gon' snatch the crown
Look around, my nigga, white people have snatched the sound
This year I'll prolly go to the awards dappered down
Watch Iggy win a Grammy as I try to crack a smile
I'm just playin', but all good jokes contain true shit
Same rope you climb up on, they hang you with
But not Jermaine, my aim too sick
I bang, nigga,
I came to bring the pain
my brain too quick
You see how I maneuver this game, I ain't stupid
I recognize that life is a dream, and I dream lucid
And break the chains and change minds
One verse at a time,
and claim 2-6
And fuck it, if the shoe fits, who's the king?
[Outro]
We all kings
(We all kings, nigga)
Kings of ourselves first and foremost
(True)
While the people debate who's the king of this rap game (Hehehaha)
Here comes lil' ol' Jermaine
With every ounce of strength in his veins
To snatch the crown from whoever y'all think has it (True)
But rather than place it on his head as soon as he grabs it
Poof, boom, paow, it's like magic
With a flash and a bang, the crown disintegrates
And falls to the Earth from which it came
It's done
Ain't gon' be no more kings (Ain't gon' be no more kings)
Be wary of any man that claims
Because deep down he clings onto the need for power (Mm)
In reality he's a coward (Mm)
Ultimately he's scared to die
And sometimes so am I
But when I'm in tune with the most high
I realize, the fear lies in my lack of awareness of the other side (The other side, ayy)
Today I know that we are the same, are the same, you and I (Yessir)
Different kind of skin, different set of eyes
Two different minds, but only one God
(It's only one God, nigga)
It's for all the kings (Uh)
'Cause I know deep down every poet just wanna be loved
