[Produced by Young Chop; co-production by Kanye West, Noah Goldstein, and The Twilite Tone]
[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Fraud niggas, y'all niggas, that's that shit I don't like
Your shit make-believe, rappin' about my own life
Real names kill things, that's that shit I won't write
'Cause my niggas still sellin' dope
Like they ain't on their third strikes
Campin' out in that corridor, fuck you waitin' on Jordans for?
I middle-man it for twenty-three
Just meet me somewhere 'round Baltimore
(Woo!) That's rare, nigga (Woo!) Ric Flair, nigga
(Woo!) The power's in my hair, nigga
(Woo!) I give this beat the chair, nigga
SoHo or Tribeca, three hoes: trifecta
Dope money, hope money,
Hublot, my watch better
My pen's better, you don't write, trendsetter, you clone-like
Pay homage or K's vomit, ungrateful niggas I don't like—rrrah!
[Chorus: Chief Keef &
Pusha T
]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (
Bang bang
)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (
Bang bang
)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (
Bang bang, haha!
)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
(
This Chicago, nigga!
)
[Verse 2: Kanye West]
They smile in my face is what I don't like
They steal your whole sound: that's a soundbite
The media crucify me like they did Christ
They want to find me not breathin' like they found Mike
(Whoa-oh-oh) A girl'll run her mouth only out of spite
(Whoa-oh-oh) But I'd never hit a woman, never in my life
(Ayy!) I was in too deep like Mekhi Phife'
(Ayy!) In that pussy so deep, I could have drowned twice
(Whoa-oh-oh) Rose gold Jesus piece with the brown ice
(Whoa-oh-oh) Eatin' good: vegetarian with the brown rice
(Ayy!) Girls kissin' girls, ‘cause it's hot, right?
(Ayy!) But unless they use a strap-on, then they not dykes
(Whoa-oh-oh) They ain't about that life, they ain't about that life
(Whoa-oh-oh) We hangin' out the window: it's about to be a Suge night
(Ayy!) Free Bump J, real nigga for life
(Ayy!) Shoutout to Derrick Rose, man, that nigga nice
(Whoa-oh-oh) Shoutout to L.E.P.,
Jay Boogie, right?
(Whoa-oh-oh) Chief Keef, King Louie, this is Chi, right? Right?!
[Chorus: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (Right now)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (Right now)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (Right now)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
Don't like (Like) don't like (Right now)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
(
Young Chop on the beat
)
[Verse 3: Chief Keef]
Fake Gucci, that's that shit that I don't like (Nah, nah)
Smokin' on this dope, higher than a kite
This bitch gon' love me now, she gon' let me pipe (yah)
Screamin', "Sosa, that's that nigga that I like!" (Sosa)
I don't want relations, I just want one night (One night)
‘Cause a thirsty bitch, that's the shit that I don't like (Nah)
I got tats up on my arm ‘cause this shit is life (That's life, tatted)
And I stunt so much in clothes ‘cause I'm livin' life (Life, Louis, Gucci)
I come up on the scene, and I'm stealin' light
Bitch, I'm high off life, got me feelin' right (300)
Bitch, I'm Chief Keef, fuck who don't like!
An-an-and bitch, we GBE,
we just go on sight (GBE baby)
[Chorus: Chief Keef &
Big Sean
]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (Right now)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (Right now)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (Right now)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
Chief Keef, Chi-Town, D-Town, you know?
[Verse 4: Big Sean]
Whoa, we are not one and the same
Nigga, I'm fuckin' insane, fuck is you sayin'?
Yo' ass been doin' the same
Shit, not doin' what you sayin', dang
I told yo' old bitch she was fuckin' a lame
Turn one ho to a train
Blaow, blang, my niggas holdin' that pain
I just hope you been prayin'—bang bang!
Ridin' for my niggas and that's for life
High class, I'm just surrounded by these lowlives
And I run this bitch like it's no lights
Goin' hard the whole night 'cause I ain't goin' back to my old life
I promise
[Chorus: Chief Keef &
Jadakiss
]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (right now!)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (nah!)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (right now!)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
HEEEEH!
[Verse 5: Jadakiss]
I done sold purp (Purple), I done sold white (White)
Runnin' outta work, that's that shit I don't like (Nah)
She never let me hit it (Nah), she gave me dome twice (haha)
She blowin' up my phone, that's that bitch I don't like
Nah, jean jacket with the sleeves cut
Put the pressure on 'em, just when they think that I eased up
Thirty for the Cuban, 'nother thirty for the Jesus (Uh-huh)
Believe in ourselves when nobody else believed us, suckas!
[Chorus: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (Bang bang)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (Bang bang)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (Bang bang)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
