Introduction-
Despite a disappointing 0 and 2 start the Giants have rebounded strongly, winning their last 3 games
, propelling them to the
top of the NFC East
. The Eagles will be looking for a second straight win, which would move them to tied first in the NFC East when they host the Giants on Monday night.
The Eagles have won 7 of the last 10 meetings with the Giants.
The Giants have finally found their 'winning formula', and have been effective in closing out their last two games,
after blowing fourth-quarter leads in their two losses thus far
.
Despite not having a power running game to lean on, Coach Tom Coughlin and the Giants have looked really good in their last 3 games
. The Giants are continuing to improve, especially under the on-field leadership of 2 time Super Bowl MVP Eli Manning,
who is coming off his best performance of the season thus far.
Giants Offensive Game Plan-
The Eagles’ defence is the best it’s been since the
Brian Dawkins era
and the Giants will have quite a task trying to move the ball against it. To walk away with a win, New York needs to do everything possible to get the ball in Odell Beckham Jr.‘s hands (
depending on if he actually plays or not
).
Eagles corner Byron Maxwell has been solid this season
,
but was absolutely dominated in Week 1 against Julio Jones
. Eli Manning must pick on Maxwell and target Beckham as much as he can.
Shane Vereen can help provide a spark the Giants might just need in order to walk out of Philly with the win. Vereen has been one of the more underrated pickups in the offseason. Vereen is not a great pure runner, but he’s an excellent receiver,
this season, he’s only had 25 carries for 101 yards, but already has 20 catches for 208 yards.
Against the 49ers on Sunday, Vereen ran for 24 yards and caught a team-high eight passes for 86 yards and a touchdown, proving he can be more than effective in the passing game. This may come in handy,
especially with the Giants receiving core carrying their current injuries.
Giants Defensive Game Plan-
The Giants will need to be aggressive and challenge quarterback Sam Bradford as much as possible. Bradford, who is arguably one of the most inconsistent signal callers currently in the NFL, has been an erratic passer thus far and the Giants need to force him to throw the ball as much as possible.
Forcing the Eagles to throw will help limit the touches of running backs DeMarco Murray and Ryan Matthews.
Murray is set for a breakout game
and the Giants need to pay him the extra attention he deserves.
The Giants’ defense isn’t necessarily going to make anyone shiver in their boots.
Murray has proved to be a threat both as a pure runner but also a receiving running back. The least amount of touches possible for DeMarco will help ensure a Giants victory.
Giants Limitations-
The Giants are currently nursing injuries at some key positions, including WR and CB. Without WR Ruben Randle and Odell Beckham, the Giants will struggle to open up an effective passing game,
forcing them to run the ball with a somewhat ineffective pure running back.
The Giants may also be without cornerback Prince Amukamara on Monday, which is a huge blow for New York.
Bradford will look to take advantage against the weakened secondary and lead the Eagles’ offence without making the same silly mistakes he made in the first half against the Saints last week.
Predictions-
This should be a fun game
. I won’t be surprised if Beckham is able to get the better of Maxwell and put up over 100 yards. At the same time, I also wouldn’t be surprised if the Eagles were able to shut him down. Despite the previous Eagles winning record, I think the Giants take this one and continue to lead the NFC East.
Prediction: Giants 23, Eagles 17
