[Verse 1: Little Simz]
Play it seven times over, it's the seventh time, seventh day
Gimme seven lives, when I'm done with seven, gimme eight
Seven colours in the rainbow, what happened to grey?
2007, chose a path and decided my fate, facts
Mind's blown, seven doobies to the face
Rolled seven prayers but had eleven in my brain
Feeling stranger things every time that I bring the forcefield light
I'll be Snow White with my seven dwarves, can't lie
Runs through my mind, meetin' heaven's door
Oh, I cannot get through life showin' no remorse, no time
What if you roll seven on the dice?
What if you get to know me and find out I got seven sides?
Wait – will you wanna be free?
Watch Aladdin with your third eye, you'll see
Never got three wishes from a genie
In the real world, not your dreams be way too deep
Beginning, middle and end, everything is me
Beginning, middle and end, everything is three
Mind, body, and soul; birth, life, and death
Past, present, and future, goin' over your head
Too ahead,
too much of anything be bad for you, need balance The yin and yang is never bad for you
The good and the bad, men and women, they unite
Everything is everything, everyone is too alike
Way too similar, need individuality to strike
Too much chat, not enough, doin' whatever is right
Am I right or am I right? Right?
Feelin' too damn high, still I'm glad I'm
[Verse 2: Joe Newman]
Neon, neon, neon
A blue neon lamp in a midnight country field
Cows surround so you lean on, lean on
So much your hugs become hold-ons
[Verse 3: Little Simz]
The ones who tell you tell you how it really is
They trick you into believin' there's only one winner here
Well, fuck it, I'm comin' first, in the condition to work
All I need is one mic, get you one last verse
I've got one voice, once chance, one mother, one past
One pair of heels, one nose ring, one car, one goal
Will it ever change? Who knows
One day, a little me, ten fingers, ten toes
Ten friends turn foes, you know how it goes
Ten songs for you, twelve days, ten shows
By the age of ten, I was already on a roll
Stayin' out past ten, right, and Mummy didn't know
Ten crack commandments, Biggie taught me so
Home, but my body's still on ten different time zones
Been livin' in flight mode,
ten seats on the plane
How I get here? Man, I thought I'd never see the day
Still, it came
[Verse 4: Joe Newman]
Neon, neon, neon
A blue neon lamp in a midnight country field
Cows surround so you lean on, lean on
So much your hugs become hold-ons
[Bridge: Little Simz]
See you where I'm at, see you where I'm at
See–see you where I'm at, right?
See you where I'm at, see you where I'm at
Make a wish, cannot take it back
Fuck it, I'll relax, neon lamps
Neon lamps (Neon lamps)
Make a wish, cannot take it back
Cannot take it back, cannot take it back
[Verse 5: Joe Newman]
Well, that smell of sex
Good like burning wood
The wayward lad laid claim
To two thirsty girls from Hornsea
Who left a note when morning came
[Verse 6: Little Simz]
Always told I'm unreadable, unbeatable
These days unreachable, my number's seasonal
Still, I love you
Niggas know my karma pays the truth
from a lick of youth
Nothing I love more than being here, in and out of booths
Still, I miss you
[Outro: Ellie Rowsell]
Girls from the pool say "Hi" (Girls from the pool say "Hi")
The road erodes at five feet per year
Along England's east coastline
"Was this your first time?" ("Was this your first time?")
"Love is just a button we pressed
Last night by the camp fire" ("Last night by the camp fire")
