[Intro: Leonardo DiCaprio]
"My life has got to be like this, it's got to keep going up."
"I've been in several things, I was in the drug business, then I was in the oil business, but I'm not in either one now, you understand?"
"I had my own little business on the side, a sort of sideline... a rather confidential sort of thing... but you might make a nice bit of money."
[Hook]
Hundred dollar bills
[Verse 1]
Benjamin Franklins filled,
fold it just for the thrill
Go numb until I can't feel, or might pop this pill
Stock markets just crash, now I'm just a bill
History don't repeat itself, it rhymes, 1929, still
Write like Mark Twain,
Jay Gatsby, I park things
Yellow cars, yellow gold like Slick Rick,
still tip
On four-four's (Who?)
Four-four's at the 4-0 (Wait) for O
Dollars fall on the skin, some might call it sin
Politicians all move for money, what the hell are we calling 'em?
Low life, I'm crawling out, 911, I Porsched it out
Y'all niggas all hypocrites, y'all know what this shit is all about
Hunnid, dolla, hunnid dolla bill, real, uh
[Interlude: Leonardo DiCaprio, Joel Edgerton]
"Her voice is full of money."
"He's a crook, George. He throws those parties the papers are always talking about."
"I didn't want you to think I was just some nobody."
"We were born different. It's in our blood."
[Verse 2]
New heroines, new Marilyns, move coke through Maryland
Through Easton,
oh, you beasting
Move fat packs, Jack Gleason
The honeymoon's over with the streets shit
Least see my kids on the weekend
Carter, new Kennedy
No ordinary Joe, you'll remember me
No prohibition for my coalition
Colin Powell, general admission
You're all welcome, new Malcolm, of the talcum
"By any means," AK lookin' out the window screen
"Let's Get It On," new Marvin
Who wanna become my 100th problem?
Semi-automatic or revolver, semi-automatic I'll solve em
Einstein, my mind, this MC move white squares with my relatives
That cheese made us constipated couldn't tell us shit
Took that Taylor Swift to a hundred fucking million, bitch
I'mma let y'all continue but... ha-ha...
[Interlude: Leonardo DiCaprio & Tobey Maguire]
"It's called
greed
, old sport."
"That's right!"
"Who is he anyhow, an actor?"
“Meyer? No, he’s a gambler. He’s the man who fixed the 1919 World’s Series."
"
Fixed
it?"
"Fixed it."
"Well, how'd he
manage
that?"
"Oh... saw the opportunity, I suppose."
[Outro]
I need a hunnid bricks on them hunnid blocks
I got a hunnid drops, took a hunnid cops, uh
A hunnid blocks, I need a hunnid bricks on them hunnid blocks, uh
Decade of decadence,
ill reverence, irreverence
Decade of decadence, ill reverence, irreverence
Uh, young, uh
I need a hunnid bricks on them hunnid blocks
I got a hunnid, I got a hunnid drops
Need a hunnid, got a hunnid
Got a hunnid, hunnid, uh
Hunnid, dolla, bill, real
