[Intro]
Left Brain,
Wolf Haley
Golf Wang,
Free Earl, uh
[Verse 1]
Goddamn, I love women
Daydream about penis
being in 'em
Meet them with a big grin with a MAC-10
Rope, katana, and then I skin 'em
All beige suit made out of white women
With the red lipstick, dancing to John Lennon
With the red splattered jeans made out of blue denim
They can catch me in the spot where the sun don't shine
Bitch, don't mind me, shake your hiney!
The only motherfucking Wolf here that spit venom
You're a bad bitch with a real good kitten
And I got the appetite of them fat black women
Wolf Gang in this bitch with a bunch of rats with 'em
Lookin' like the holocaust with Supreme hats with 'em
I am tryna get Miss Piggy by the motherfucking hairs of her chinny-chin-chin
Umm, what's that? The cock of a black dude
Mad 'cause his daughter got the swag of a vacuum (Aw, fuck it!)
I'll take her to the back room dungeon, fightin' and punchin'
And now the slut is under the fucking assumption
That I will be fucking and munchin' her muffin
Cunt will be bleeding, but that's not from the
Time signature of the month, umm
[Chorus]
(It's because) It's because I'm Dracula, bitch!
Don't got a problem smackin' a bitch
Kidnappin', attacking, with axes and shit
'Til I grab them throats and start smacking them shits
(It's because) I'm Dracula, bitch!
Don't got a problem smackin' a bitch
Kidnappin', attacking, with axes and shits
'Til she decides to take Dracula's dick
[Verse 2]
Goddamn, I love bitches
Especially when they only suck dick and wash dishes (What?)
Cook and clean and grant my wishes
And make me and the Wolf Gang sandwiches
Transylvania crypt, let's take a tour
Bitch, try getting through that black trap door
Keep yellin' and workin' them vocal chords
And that'll be more of a reason that you get slapped up for
Is that Ford trunk's comfy?
(Fuck you!)
Fuck me? No, fuck Buffy!
That little bitch keeps trying to hunt me
Jumping over gates, what the fuck she want from me?
She keeps sendin' me garlic
How many times I gotta tell her I'm allergic?!
(I like your cape!) Oh, this Bathing Ape cape?
Bitch, I got it for a bargain at the neighborhood Target
Fangs are sharp, and I hope you know
That all I really want from you is that throat
I can't eat pussy 'cause I might leave cuts
Then there's blood on my sheets, but that might be a plus
On the channel, a fucking animal, leaking like pairs of candles
Bitch, is it hard to handle?
I don't want a bride,
I just want bone marrow (Oh shit!)
[Chorus]
(It's because) Umm, I'm Dracula, bitch!
Don't got a problem smackin' a bitch
Kidnappin', attacking, with axes and shit
'Til I grab them throats and start smackin' them shits
(It's because) I'm Dracula, bitch!
Don't got a problem smackin' a bitch
Kidnappin', attacking, with axes and shits
'Til she decides to take Dracula's dick
[Outro]
Bite her in her fucking neck, bite her in her fucking neck
Bottom of the fucking lake, bottom of the fucking lake
Call my gang of wolves
and bats,
call my gang of wolves
and bats
It’s a full moon tonight, and these hoes ain't actin' right
(It's because) 'Cause I'm Dracula, bitch! (Swag, swag, swag)
(It's because)
Left Brain,
Wolf Haley,
Free Earl,
Golf Wang
Golf Wang, Golf Wang, Golf Wang
It's the fucking (Golf Wang)
It's the fucking (Golf Wang)
I am from the (Golf Wang)
Nigga, this is (Golf Wang)
Fucking faggot
(Golf Wang!)
Kill them bitches (Golf Wang!)
There's no one like us (Golf Wang!)
Fucking niggas, I am from the (Golf Wang)
Golf Wang!
