[Intro: Young Thug]
Ayy, I'm watching my homie 'nem play pool, that nigga just did a bad ass shot, kid
Yeah, and I also got a young lady in here with me, I think she tryna steal me, 'naam sayin'?
Know what I'm sayin'? And heal me from my pain
Supah Mario
Rain!
[Chorus: HiDoraah &
Young Thug
]
Spend a whole lot of cash on me (
Yeah
)
Money, power, that's the plan, homie (
Yeah
)
Yeah, yeah, you understand, homie (
'Stand
)
Yeah, yeah, you understand, homie (
Yeah
)
Yeah, yeah, you understand, homie (Yeah)
Had a lot of niggas mad, homie (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm the man, homie (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, I'm the man, homie (Yeah)
[Post-Chorus: Young Thug]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm the man, homie (Sheesh)
Yeaaaaahhhhh..... (Swea, ah, ah)
Ma-ma-man, homie (Ah!)
Ma-man, homie (Yeah)
Ma-ma-man, homie
[Verse 1: Young Thug]
She diggin' my time like a bezel, ah
No Maison Margiela, my diamonds blingin', and my Rollie is gold like a treasure, ayy
I used to get like ten thousand a show, now my diamonds are bigger than pebbles
Smokin' on that moonrock, baby, I'ma climb it like I know Khaled
Spent a hunnid bands on my belt, yeah, yeah
Hey, my slime down in Yo got an F&N and he will chop, yeah
He gon' let that bit' ride, dirty a nigga T-shirt and chop down, yeah
Shirt look like swag 'til you seen his ass on Channel 5, yeah
I took two birds from him, ever since then, I been fly, yeah
[Bridge: Young Thug]
Yeah, yeah, the bullets hit a nigga dome
That pussy wet like a sink
Yeah, yeah, nigga know it, can't afford it
New Orleans, I'ma go Saint (Woo, woo)
Yeah, yeah, don't talk, yeah, yeah
Take me to church, I wan' sing (Yeah)
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
[Chorus: HiDoraah &
Young Thug
]
Diamonds blingin' like I got baptized, yeah
Spend a whole lot of cash on me
Money, power, that's the plan, homie
I been eatin', she's feeding lies, yeah
Yeah, yeah, you understand, homie
Yeah, yeah, you understand, homie
I tell y'all on that Vicky powder, yeah
Don't tell me you boutta eat, then get no fries, yeah
[Verse 2: Young Thug]
Psych! I'ma take them hoes out for a good bite, yeah
Yeah, that's diamonds on me, and they bling like a knight, yeah
Yeah, I'm the principal, baby, take my advice, yeah
Yeah, baby, I'm the prince, I was gon' take your life, yeah (Boom boom)
I know who I... (Yeah) Know who I am (I know it)
Don't like me? (I know it)
Yeah, if you were broke, I wouldn't like me either, yeah
Ah, I set it off like Queen Latifah, yeah (Brrrrr)
Yeah, I'm a Zoe, not a zebra, uh, yeah (Ice)
Fuck them black and white diamonds on my muhfuckin' lever, yeah, yeah (Ice, ice)
Hey, yeah, a nigga caught runnin', booked, nigga bolt, nigga pleads, ooh
Got, got books on my muhfuckin' pocket phone book, nigga pagin', yeah (What?)
[Chorus: HiDoraah &
Young Thug
]
Yeah, hmph, hah, 1500 dollars on some maids, expensive (Yeah)
Spend a whole lot of cash on me
And I'm, and I'ma tell her like a boss
Money, power, that's the plan, homie
Yeah, and I'ma fuck a nigga mom, yeah
Yeah, yeah, you understand, homie
Yeah, and I'ma drink her like a sauce
Yeah, yeah, you understand, homie
Yeah, baby I'm not the father
Yeah, but I'll take care of your daughter
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Hey)
[Verse 3: Young Thug]
I know you dig what I'm sayin', and that's coming from the heart
I know you don't know about it, baby, you know more (What)
Yeah, you goin' slow, but, yeah, you oh so smart (Hey, yeah)
Yeah, they think you dead, but you right on their ass like boy, boy
Back the fuck up off my big homie like boy, boy (Boy)
I'ma let that Tommy hit tummies like tuh, tuh, yeah, ah
Bitch, I'm the Presi, fuck Barack, yeah
Yeah, how many businesses was closin' shop? Yeah (Hey)
Nah, we don't care nothing bout no cop, dog
Ah, 15 hunna for these cups, they art, yeah (Woo)
Yeah, ah, ah, hunnid thousand for the art, yeah (Bet)
Yeah, not going steady, Rocko air it
[Chorus: HiDoraah &
Young Thug
]
Spend a whole lot of cash on me
Ah, choppa on ready
Money, power, that's the plan, homie
Ah, call me the bomb
Yeah, yeah, you understand, homie
Chop, my iron over there, yeah
Yeah, yeah, you understand, homie
Bet, ooh, slatt
[Verse 4: Young Thug]
Sleep one eye open like I'm a Fetty, yeah (Yeah)
Climb in a tree, and they ready like spaghetti, yeah
Playin' with Slime, we Belly, yeah (Yeah)
I was tryna live, yeah (Yeah)
She said she don't wanna play no games, no Anne Jackson (Woo, ayy)
Baby come with a muhfuckin' dress, yeah (Drippin' swag)
Ah, and I'ma shoot it on your chest, better have a vest, ah, yeah (Eskeddit)
I'm playin' around with your feelings, yeah (Yeah)
I'ma take you all of them places (Take you all around the world)
Turn your ass up 'cause you deserve it, ah (Said I want you, want you girl)
No Future, but I'm the future, I'm the teacher, baby, you the tutor, yeah (Yeah)
Ah, money longer than the world's longest ruler, yeah (Swea, swea)
Ah, playin' with YSL, niggas gon' shoot you, yeah (Boom, boom)
R.I.P. to Bankroll Fresh, bro, yeah (R.I.P. Bankroll)
[Interlude: Young Thug]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Hot boy) Ayy (Thugger, ayy)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah, yeah) Ayy (Damn)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah) Ayy
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) Ayy (Yeah)
Ayy! Ayy! Hey! (Yeah, yeah)
Hey! (Yeah) Hey (Yeah, yeah)
Ayy! (Hey) Hey (Yeah)
Yeah (Yeah, yeah)
[Verse 5: Young Thug]
Me and Stafa having fun, yeah
'Cause it ain't no fun when the rabbit got the gun, yeah
I'ma feed that bitch, then give her trunk (Racks)
Yeah, I'ma put a Rollie on her arm, yeah (Rollie, Rollie)
Put a iced-out YSL right on her charms, yeah (Swea)
Baby, told 'em don't need them, I'm the one (One)
Yeah, two door, not the, ah, three, I keep forgettin', yeah
But I got four doors, yeah
Fuck cameras, ah, fuck the Po-Po, yeah
Oh no, yeah
They coming to the door, flush the shit right now, come on, yeah
[Interlude: Young Thug]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah! (Yeah)
[Verse 6: Young Thug]
Beast mode, yeah (Hey)
Hunnid thousand, ain't no cheat code
I can't talk cheap, one-twenty-seven on my teeth, uh (On God)
Yeah, bitch, I'm bleedin', look, I'd D-I-E, uh (Swea, woo)
Yeah, nigga, all my partnas rollin' Cs, yeah (Rollin' crip!)
Big ol' dinosaur Bs (Blatt, blatt!)
Right behind 'em (What?)
Yeah, all this ice on, baby, heat could find me (I see it)
Just look where it's light at (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, I won't buy that, uh (Yeah)
I just go in and bite that, yeah
I might wake up wearin' it, yeah (Yeah)
I don't give no fuck 'bout your past, yeah (Ayy)
I'm not Lil Wayne, and fuck that nigga, but I gotta take your ass there (Woah, say it)
I don't care if you fucked the whole world, that's before me and you, yeah
Oh, oh, free Unfoonk, Dulu, yeah (Free Unfoonk, yeah)
Ride me like a goose, yeah (Like a goose, yeah)
Chicken-limb coupe, yeah (Racks, skrt!)
Double-R with no roof, yeah (Woop, woop, woop)
Racin' down the street, nigga flyin' by high-speed, yeah (Whew, whew)
Yeah, makin' other rappers on time, yeah
Film while ridin' with broads, yeah (Yeah)
All my niggas here like a beat, yeah (Yeah)
NoPlug pull up, nigga park, yeah
Pull up to the nine, nigga, blood, yeah
Pull up and it's fire like a pot, yeah (Pot)
All a nigga's diamonds gettin' large, yeah
All my niggas playin' like a child, yeah, ah (Skrt skrt)
300 shit, nigga, why I sucked at law? Yeah (What?)
300 shit like Lil Durk with no tar, yeah (Yeah)
Lyor, you keep playin', I'ma pull your card, yeah
Yeah (Yeah)
[Chorus: HiDoraah &
Young Thug
]
Spend a whole lot of cash on me
Let that breathe
Money, power, that's the plan, homie
Lemme talk to the ladies for a minute, yeah
Yeah, yeah, you understand, homie
Yeah, yeah, you understand, homie
Let's go
(Yeah)
[Verse 7: Young Thug]
Don't leave me (Don't leave)
Receive me (Receive)
Believe in me (Believe)
Come and achieve with me (Achieve)
Yeah, come bleed with me (Come bleed with me)
Go 'n' dye your hair red (Yeah, dye it)
You heard what Gucci said (Free Guwop)
These niggas rock how I be (They rock)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Ayy, this shit so good, I can't just say that once)
Yeah... yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
She grinnin' 'cause she like the way I swag it
Yeah, I just told lil mama I'm not average (Born with it)
Yeah, I got her dead ballin' like a bastard, yeah (Woo, woo, woo)
Plaid it
Call her truancy, but baby girl ain't classy, yeah (Hah, hah)
Yeah, you the baddest (Baddest)
I don't give no fuck if you've got baby daddies
Ayy, I'ma put you in that '16 'cLaren (Skrt)
Yeah, I learned to turn the f... factories off and put on Davins
Yeah, shout out to Migos, they be dabbin' (Dab)
Yeah, shout out to Peewee, man, we trappin', yeah (Yeah)
I'm drinkin' lean, hey (Lean, lean, lean)
I don't ball, no dee, yeah
[Verse 8: Young Thug]
But I take the Molly, yeah (Wait)
I told her I would stop, but I'm sorry (I'm sorry)
I just can't, yeah, that money in the back, yeah (Yeah)
Bae eye on the bank, yeah (What)
I got like a blank, yeah (How much?)
Where the crip? He ain't there
My bitch, she'd have banged, yeah (Bang)
My bitch, she so dangerous
My bitch, she so bad
My bitch, she so av' (Huh?)
Oops, I meant no (Yeah)
No, my bitch ain't no average hoe
Least a classy hoe, oh yeah, yeah, yo
And her circle small like Cheerio, oh, oh, yo (Hey)
And you know I'm next, oh no, no, no (Oh)
I am right now, oh yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
You so fine, baby, here, baby, go 'n' have my child (Ooh)
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah (I'm ready, like I'm spaghetti, yeah)
Oh yeah, yeah (So ready, ready, I'm ready)
You dig? (R-E-A-D-Y, baby, I'm ready)
You dig? (Yeah)
Haha (Pop a perky and get ready)
Real spit!
[Chorus: HiDoraah &
Young Thug
]
Spend a whole lot of cash on me (
Dora
)
Money, power, that's the plan, homie
Yeah, yeah, you understand, homie
Yeah, yeah, you understand, homie (
Talk to 'em, slime
)
(Uh) And she said that was good, on hood, yeah (*sips lean*)
Woah
Woo! (Woah)
[Verse 9: Young Thug]
I wanna see you twerk! Ah (Twerk, twerk)
I wanna buy them purses, yeah (Purses)
You make me mad, I'm gettin' the Birkin, yeah (Yeah, ayy)
80k, baby, ain't discouraged, yeah (Scheme)
I can spend it, bae, you're so worth it (So worth it)
I, know you, baby, you are so perfect (Woah) to me
Fuck what they say, bae, you gon' twerk it (Woah) for me (Me)
I give that stick you gon' go burst it (Ah) for me (Yeah)
'N' I eat that pussy like Starbursts (*slurp*) oowee (Yeah)
Wee, oowee
I know you like to see that, teeth on your lip, yeah (Yeah)
I eat that pussy 'til it dip, I see that dip, yeah (I can see)
I, I don't wanna fall asleep, I ain't gon' dip, yeah (I'll never sleep)
I might pull off and leave some chips, yeah (Skrt skrt)
I cannot get nervous, ah (Nah)
I spent ten thousand on a purse, yeah (Fendi, Louis, Gucci)
I ain't gay, boy, that's a male bag, yeah (Chanel)
Big ol' bloody red rag, yeah (Blatt, blatt, blatt)
[Verse 10: Young Thug]
Race the Jag (Woo)
Bought the foreign right after that (And what?)
Then I break that back, look what caused that (Woah)
Uh, so I'm riding with my driver (Money)
2017 Cadillac on buyers, yeah (Swea, yeah)
I go all night like a cypher, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
I'm 100%, no liar, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
If I'm horny, bae, I can buy her, yeah (Oh yeah, yeah)
I get rid of her when I'm tired, yeah
But mostly like, yeah
I meant, but most likely I won't 'cause I like your donk, yeah
I like your trunk, yeah
I put money in your ears, money in your front, yeah
I put veneers right inside your fuckin' mouth, yeah
So you can look like Baby when you fuckin' smile, yeah
I know I am the truth, I am a wild child, yeah
Yeah, yeah, baby, I'm all yours, yeah (Woah)
I cannot be all y'all's, yeah (Ah, ah)
But I'm a big dog, yeah (Big dog, yeah, cash)
This bitch like logs, yeah (Uhh, bitch)
I came for two and y'all there (I swea)
Ooh, yeah
I gave a few and y'all in there (Haha, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, G5 I put you in the air (Shh, pfff)
Yeah, tell 'em put a stripper pole in there (Ah, pew)
Shoot a video, yeah, nigga (Ah)
Touch down like I'm Julio, Falcon, nigga (Brr)
I just seen him in the Jefferies, these are thousands, nigga (Yeah)
He just cashed out, yeah
Ask that nigga 'bout me (Yeah)
I spent 50 bands (Ah)
Bitch, I'm not the topic (Woah)
Yeah, pshh, ooh, ah (Do it like that)
My bitch the hottest, oh yeah, pshh, ooh (Whatchu tell 'em?)
We like Bonnie & Clyde, oh yeah, ooh (Yeah)
[Verse 11: Young Thug]
One more time, free them folks, Unfoonk! (Yeah)
I listen to that R. Kelly, "I Wish" (I Wish)
Then I cry like a little bitty fuckin' bitch, yeah
But I love my brother, believe I really miss him (Real talk)
I swear there's no other, I'd give you all this shit, yeah (Yeah, you can have it all)
I'd give it all up to see him
I wanna see my mama's face when she gon' see him, ah (Big Duck)
I know these pussy niggas trippin', they wanna see you, yeah (They wanna see you)
They tryna stop you 'cause they know you like the Beatles, yeah (Beatles)
But they forgot that your lil brother out, and he Thugger
Yeah, I got that Ruga and a Reega (Pull it)
I told you, yeah, yeah (Buh)
I, I'll pop at your top 'bout my soldier, yeah (Pop it)
Yeah, that's my round like I'm from New Orleans, yeah
Yeah, yeah, crack baby, yeah, yeah (What?)
But I wasn't born in the '80s, oh, baby, yeah, yeah
I wasn't even born up at Grady's, no, no, yeah, yeah
Ten thousand dollar couch in the apartment, my mama had me pick, ooh, damn (True)
I-I came out with a few things, ooh, da-damn (It's true, yeah, ayy)
Yeah, I had diamonds in my skin, yeah, mmh, yeah (Swea)
Elm Elementary, I'm the prince (Thugger, show it)
Yeah, how I got in trouble? I ain't never do this (Man, fuck, yeah)
I ranned off from 'em, and they say I'm missing (Yeah, bye)
But, bae, your son just out here strictly pimpin', ooh (What, chuch)
Yeah, I'm just gettin' 'em digits, yeah (Racks, cash)
Fell in love like I'll fuck that Benjie (Hah, hah)
[Verse 12: Young Thug]
My nigga kickin' it, yeah (Kickin' it)
My baby girl gettin' it (Gettin' it, gettin' it)
Know you want to say her name, hhh
But you can't, 'cause that's... pain
To these other hoes, yeah (Yeah)
Kick 'em out the door, yeah
Anybody more, yeah
I want you for sure, yeah (Yeah)
I don't want no bitches, yeah (Yeah)
Give 'em to the bros, yeah (Yeah)
I just want the money, yeah (Yeah)
I just buy them clothes, yeah, uh (Racks, nigga, guap!)
I just buy them cars, yeah (Bentley, blatt, woah, can't stop!)
I can't stand them broads, yeah (Big, big guap)
I do it for my girls and broad, yeah (Yeah)
I do it for my lil girls and my little boy, yeah (Yeah)
Ah, crib and a hunna thousand on toys, yeah (Toys, let's bounce)
Ah, Easter huntin', baby, thousand for you (Twenty bitch)
Charles Barkley, baby, ballin', oh yeah (Racks)
Ah, Michael Jordan, nigga, no Yeezy, yeah, breezy
I get them racks, yeah I get cheese, you believe me (Yeah)
That fetty, moolah, and the cash, and the cash talk (Cash)
Yeah, hit him in his back, watch his ass walk (Boom)
Pussy nigga gettin' chalked, bring him out his red (Chalk)
Tell my niggas we not done 'fore dumb nigga's dead
Run up on your closes, he can't even just push weight (On God)
I wan' see your brains everywhere, then send some pics (Woo)
Yeah, shit get real drastic, nigga, playin' with that red tape
Nigga chickened out, nigga
Free my muhfuckin' (Ah) dog, and I ain't even nasty, nigga (Woah)
He down to Smith, yeah
Climb in it like wheel', yeah
He down to Smith, prison, I'm not talkin' Will, yeah, ah (Woah, woah)
Foreigns need them big ol' fuckin' wheels, yeah (Woah, woah, woah, woah)
Twenty-eights like a fuckin' ferris wheel, yeah (Skrrrt)
I be skatin' through your bitches, how'd I deal, yeah (Skrrt)
Where that there? Right around my bro got killed, yeah (Bennie, yeah)
Ever since then, motherfuck there, yeah (There, on dead, yeah)
Ah, you niggas know the fuckin' deal, yeah (The dealings, oh yeah, yeah)
He killed my brother, then his ass got killed, yeah (I saw my mama cry)
Locked me up, I got appealed, yeah, ah (Cash)
I'm on that Molly and a pill, yeah (Runnin' still)
I don't wan' sign no fuckin' deal, yeah (I don't want no deal)
I don't be wantin' no more familia, yeah (I want something real)
[Verse 13: Young Thug]
I want my bitch that ain't familiar (For real)
I wanna give that bitch a million, ah (Yeah)
I wanna show that bitch some bread, yeah (Lil bitch)
But she gotta be so relentless, yeah (She what?)
I put them gangstas inside them skinnies, yeah ("How you a G?")
This beat better stop, I ain't never ending (Yeah)
I swear (Swea)
You better cut it, boy, you know it (Cut it)
Yeah, I bought baby girl a Rollie (Rollie, Rollie)
Yeah, iced out, and I bought it for my homie (Homie)
Yeah, Ice Box got all of my brodies (Buy from him!)
Yeah, Eliantte, that's my jeweler, spoil me (Eliantte, ayy, hey!)
Yeah, I got that one of one, no shortage
(Eliantte!)
You can't get that, they cannot remake that, yeah
But you can go to him and they can fake that, yeah, ah (Yeah)
But they know they takin' that shit way back, yeah, ah (They know)
I was buyin' on Bleveland where them folks flex, yeah
Bleveland slow, they lost Duke and then lil Bukk, yeah, hhh
Put that bit' right in a buck, yeah, ah (Buck, uh, uh)
Hit this club and throw some bucks, yeah (Throw it, throw it, throw it)
Fuck on me, oh, bae, I'm buff, yeah (I just throw it, throw it)
Try to play and good luck, yeah (And try to boom)
I'm so tired, I give up, yeah (Man, I swear to swear)
But I don't give up on your love, yeah (Don't give up on your love)
You said you can't go too far, yeah (Can't go too far)
'Cause he got you, but I got you, I can spoil you (Spoil you, I can)
A little more, and then my bro, but I'm for sure, ah (Fasho)
You know I got it on the low, this ain't no hoe (Cash)
I got a black card, and that muhfucker say, "Woah," yeah (It does)
I am a Zoe, bitch, I'm a z, ah, eater (Tu, tu, ah, fa, fa)
I be smoking pounds of that reefer (Ah)
Yeah, diamonds dancing, can't move my speaker
Diamonds had a nigga loud like a beeper (Beep)
Yeah, Dora got me some loud like a... Yeah (Yeah)
Nigga, Dora got me some loud like a... Yeah (Speak up)
Dora got me some loud like a beeper, yeah (Beeper, yeah)
I can't wait to see you (See you)
Slash that, I can't wait to be you (Ayy)
I can't wait to treat you (Ayy)
I can't wait to fuck you (I can't)
I can't wait to suck you, yeah (Oh, I can't)
Pussy out, ah, yeah (Yeah)
Act up, and I'll (Oh yeah)
Kick you out the spot, yeah ([?])
With a hunnid thousand, yeah
[Verse 14: Young Thug]
Give you the keys to the mansion, yeah (Mansion)
You can ride 'round that motherfucker, Marilyn Manson, yeah (Black out the Rollie, on God!)
You can call all of your friends, and then they come dancing, yeah (Come party, on God!)
I pull up with fifteen bills and then throw them bands in, yeah (I wan' party, hey!)
I throw like twenty thousand bands inside my house like it was the club, yeah (What? Woo!)
I swear to God, if I'm lying, I can be a dub, yeah (Ooh)
You can ask them bitches up at Follies, boy, they love us (Ah, love!)
YSL, I'm bangin' it 'til I'm in the dust, yeah (Ah, slatt!)
Even when I'm in the dust, I'm bangin' it (Swea)
Yeah, before this rap shit, bitch, I had some stains in it ('Fore)
Yeah, I was standin' on Bleveland, nigga, bangin' it (On God)
We were shootin' at niggas, gettin' shot at, nigga, ranger shit (Brr, brr, brr)
Yeah, but ain't no anger shit (Yeah)
I stacked it up (Yeah)
I got a whole lot of free to give away balls, yeah (Let's go)
I know Lil Chicken on that E, waiting on [?], yeah
She smoke that dope, her old man just died of some cancer (R.I.P. M[?])
I pulled up on her, I remember her, no answer (I remember)
I gave that bitch a thousand dollars, told her, "Baptist, ([?])
Take your ass down there to the church and go get seen'd about (Seen)
You just seen your boyfriend get seen'd about, yeah (R.I.P. boy)"
Baby, I bring the dream team out, yeah (Dream, dream)
Baby, I got that tartar mouth, yeah (Tartar)
[Interlude: Young Thug]
Gimme five seconds, let me drink up
*sips* Hmhm
*sips* Ayy, let's get it (Yeah)
Oh, my fault, that was four seconds (What?)
Give me one more, more, muhf-, more second (What?!)
[Verse 15: Young Thug]
Uhh, now we can start rappin' (Start)
Yeah, yeah, I was really rich, I ain't never trappin' (Trap)
You been hustlin' for ten years, that means you bad at it
I just bought my muhfuckin' diamonds straight out a rabbit, yeah (Swea)
Hunnid Xans, I popped up, open up and, yeah
(Popped up, Elliot, Elliot)
Also, yeah (Eliantte)
They know wassup, yeah (Icier than a motherfucker, yeah)
Come give me your whole heart, yeah (Brown like con[?]s)
I won't stop, give it up, yeah (I got more ho[l]es than Kanye clothes)
You don't need no more, you know, yeah (You got me peepin' out the door)
Triple-R means Really Rich Rebels (You wanna go up on a pole)
Triple-R means Really Rich Rebels (Really rich, really rich, yeah)
[Verse 16: Young Thug &
Karlae
]
You heard me? (You heard me?)
I wan' touch your face (
Please don't
) (You heard me?)
She said don't touch her face, nah
'Cause I dun' had my hands all over the place, yeah (Woah, woah)
I can respect it, but you better not reject me no more
Or I'ma beat your motherfuckin' ass, I'm not your hoe, you my hoe, for sure (Fasho)
You better know (Remember)
Yeah, write it down, take a fuckin' note (
We should FaceTime [?], hahaha
)
Take a picture, I don't give a fuck, yeah (Nah, nah, nah)
Disrespect me, put your ass in a buck, yeah (Buck, buck)
Fuck you 'til you got the hiccups (Woo)
Ah, ah, ah, and my knees up (Yeah)
You don't got no worries, baby, put your feet up (Yeah)
You got your Burberry on, baby, I see you (I see you)
Yeah, you be my mamacita (Mamacita, oh yeah)
I'll leave my girl 'bout you, I'm for real, yeah (I'll leave my girl 'bout you, yeah)
I do my thing, baby, I know you (I, I do my thing)
Go 'n' do your thing on the Young Thug, too (Go and do your thing, yeah)
Yeah, would you leave your past and come fuck with me? (I know you will)
[Interlude: Young Thug &
Karlae
]
Say you promise (
Hahaha, I promise
)
Say you promise on the mic (
Haha, I won't
)
Say it... Say it! (
I promise
)
You gotta say it louder (
I promise!
)
[Verse 17: Young Thug]
Yeah, she promised, ah (She promised)
Therefore, she ain't gotta worry 'bout none, she ain't bummin' (No way)
If she was, oh my god, I'ma run it, yeah (Run it!)
Up to Neiman's, baby, spend a couple hunnid, yeah (Cash)
Spend a bundle, get them Versace drawers for me (Cash)
I'd like to see you walkin' 'round in them drawers for me (Drawers, yeah)
Yeah, I want you cookin', do all for me (Cookin', do all)
Yeah, I want go against all them laws with me (Against all the laws)
[Interlude: Young Thug &
Karlae
]
Would you go against on my boss with me? Would you?
Hmhm, what'd you say?
I got a lil drink, you said, you said [?]? [?]'s not here
Would you?
[Verse 18: Young Thug]
Yeah, she said it official like some fuckin' tissues (Yeah)
Hah, baby girl, you know I dress to see you (Ah, I do)
Ah, I just did the front cover to GQ (Get it right now)
Issue, yeah, ah (Get it right, get it right now, get it right now)
If he ever hit you (Get it right now)
Better not tell me 'cause me and him gon' have some issues (Woo)
Yeah, keep it to yourself, baby (Yeah)
I know you've heard that in the world, baby (Don't tell nobody)
I know you wanna have my girl, baby (I'd love for you to)
I know you want us to get the world crackin', yeah (I'll make love with your body)
Gon' and get the world crackin', yeah (Gon' and get the world crackin')
Let's gon' and get this thing brackin', yeah (Let's gon' and get this thing brackin')
Come sleep with me
I'll take you to the mall tomorrow, spend a lot of Gs (On God, God)
Like this shit here grow on trees, haha (Bling, bling)
You can't believe me, yeah
Until you hit the mall, now you can't see me (Trash)
Money stacked up (Yeah)
Ahh, I just might ride on the bus (Like damn)
I might come out with a fuckin' hunnid bucks (How you feel?)
I might come out with a million dollars up, yuck (Racks, racks)
I'm not whippin' eggs, baby (Woo)
Is it white? Lil bit yellow? It's dope instead, baby, yeah (Instead, yeah)
You red, baby, yeah (Red, yeah)
Pshh, gimme that head, baby, yeah (Bitch, gimme that head, yeah, yeah)
[Bridge: Young Thug &
Karlae
]
Let's do the sixty-nine, and that's the only time that you ain't a dime (Let's do the sixty-nine)
Let's do the sixty-nine, that's the only time that you ain't a dime (Ain't a dime)
You ain't a dime, that's the only time that you ain't a dime (You dig me?)
Yeah, you ain't a dime, you ain't that (I dig you)
Hear me? (With a golden shovel, you know what I'm sayin'?)
Hear me? (And what?) (
Hahaha
)
[Verse 19: Young Thug]
When we do the sixty-nine, that's the only time that you ain't a dime, yeah (That you ain't a dime)
You not his no more, baby, yeah, you mine, ah (You all mine)
You're no longer his, baby girl, you're all mine (I swear to God)
Yeah, I treat you the same, baby, know the Lord, mine (I know the Lord, uh)
Hah, buy you everything, flood your bank account with diamonds (All you)
Do everything to you, beat you up, crying (Crying, baby)
Ah, bangin' red like a strap, uh, yeah (Sing it)
Yeah, riding around the city on a helicopter, yeah (Skrt, skrt, yeah)
I wan' meet your papa (I wan' meet you)
Your mama died, I swear to God I wanna meet her, yeah (I swear I wanna meet her)
My lil brother can't wait to see you, yeah (I'll sing for your love)
I'ma ball 'em, they can't dee him, yeah (I'ma take care of you, that's love, yeah)
I'ma have him ballin', they can't dee him (Don't give us up, yeah, yeah, yeah)
He don't got no phone, baby, don't call him, you know you cannot receive him (Can't receive)
Yeah, we going to church to get them demons off him, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
Come, see by him, God (I pray that the devil go away, God)
I'ma turn him onto God (Yeah)
I turned you onto God, how dare you? (How dare you!)
Turned you onto God (Yeah, I did)
Baby, bless you (Ah, ah, Jesus)
Never stress you (Never stressin' it)
Too beautiful, ah (Beautiful)
Got your baby hair laying right down, like oh, oh, you pitiful (I'll never be pitiful)
[Verse 20: Young Thug]
Y'all girls, y'all know how to get a nigga, hahaha
You gon' fuck 'round and get you a kid from a nigga (Get you a kid, yeah)
Yeah, you gon' fuck 'round and get blessed for the rest of your muhfuckin' life, yeah (Your life, yeah)
You gon' fuck 'round and get blessed 'til you muhfuckin' die, yeah (Real pimp)
I know that ain't the reason why you winded, I'm just tellin' you gon' be winnin' (You win)
Fuckin' with me (Fuckin' with me, yeah)
Yeah, if I'm hot, baby, duck it with me (Duck it, ah, ah)
You compare, yeah, yeah, you said, baby, you was rare (Baby)
Yeah, yeah, she say she's prepared (Yeah!)
She's so sexy, she got on, oh she don't really rare (She's rare)
And I don't know how to test it, but yeah, yeah, baby, yeah
I'ma eat it inside, I'ma eat it like a bear, yeah, yeah
I'ma eat it like a bear, money greener than my pear, uh (Eat, pussy)
Me and you together, we a pair (We the pair, baby, yeah)
Baby girl, throw it in the air (On a private jet)
Your lil girl ain't got to worry 'bout a thing, yeah (I swear to God)
I'ma buy her a lil Y-S chain, yeah (Chain, yeah)
She gon' look my motherfuckin' name, yeah (Like she wearin')
Yeah (Swea, freezin')
[Interlude: Young Thug]
Ayy, somebody call Ice Box, man, lemme get baby girl sum'n, umm
Floss on the bitch, you know what I'm sayin'? (Yeah)
Yeah, it cost a little digits (Bitch)
[Verse 21: Young Thug]
Yeah, you flossy, you bossy (You flossy, you bossy)
Yeah, they play with you, put 'em in coffins, and they ain't duffles (Ba, ba, ba)
Woo, yeah, I'm cookin' up fish and a muhfuckin' dolphin (Woo, ah)
Yeah, I put that Dickies suit right in her muhfuckin' closet (Ah, say it)
Yeah, I'm in red Chucks when I'm walkin' on muhfuckin' Slauson (Blatt, blatt, go, baby)
She tired of me rappin', but I dare to do this thing walkin' (Do it)
Yeah, I just bought a muhfuckin' Bentley, I'm dealin' with law
I pulled up a Bentley with forgies, I dare you to leave me to dead and cough (Ahh)
Damn, I just fucked it up, but I can speed it up, I can get it right back, yeah, yeah
I can get the right crack, yeah, yeah
Put the dick right in her, she came back like it was cooked crack, yeah, yeah
Ah, ah, she like, "How the fuck did you did that?" Yeah, yeah
I was like, "I was smokin' lean and drinkin' me some thrax," yeah, yeah (Sheesh)
I'm different, I said I was smokin' lean and drinkin' some thrax, oh, wait (Yeah, ah)
I had to slow it down, yeah, 'cause I know that you can't catch that, yeah
There you go actin' like a brat, brat, yeah (That's mine)
Tell me what you want, I want a nap sack, yeah, go pshh (Fine)
Bend you over, fuck you from the back, back, pshh (Yeah, yeah)
Pull out your jewel tracks, I can't afford that, yeah (Cash, yeah, ah, yeah)
Babe, you snorin', yeah (Snorin')
Fuck you so long, I can make you snorin', yeah (Snore, yeah)
Her lil toes are so sexy (Sexy)
I'ma lick 'em while she... my lady, yeah (Know she wet, get it right, nigga, yeah)
[Verse 22: Young Thug]
Looks are deceiving (Yeah)
This shit can get freaky (Ayy)
This shit can get beated (No, really)
This shit can get beated up (Beat)
This shit can get nutted in (Yeah)
This shit can have strong between us (Yeah)
This shit can have all the bees (Ah)
And this bitch don't need no friends (Ah)
I got so much money on me (Ah)
You can call them your friends (Yeah)
Baby, I'm your friend, yeah
Them are your hands
I give it to you, won't take it back, bae, that is your end, yeah
You can know it, yeah (Woo, wooh!)
How long have I been going Staf? (Yeah, yeah)
How long have I been going Stafa? (Please, hey!)
Tell me, but don't stop it, nigga, yeah (Can't stop)
[Interlude: Young Thug]
How long I been going bro? (Yeah, yeah)
Thirty minutes? Huh?
I can't hear you
Thirty minutes? (I ain't do that, but fuck it, let's get it, yeah)
[Verse 23: Young Thug]
I been rappin' for thirty minutes, and that's why baby girl tired, yeah, ah (I can't tell)
I'ma see her when she admire me, yeah (When it's light out)
I'ma accept her apology, yeah (Ah, suck it, yeah)
Fuck her good, and now she be stalking me, yeah (She cookin', she lookin')
I ain't get killed, nigga, ain't no coffin me, yeah (No way, no way)
Only thing I cough is when I smoke some weed, yeah, yeah (*cough*)
Ah, bumble bees in here (Brr, brr)
Mountain Dew spill it bad, ayy
Two cups, yeah
Teflon, what it do, son? Yeah (Ayy)
I told my bitch I want a coupon, yeah (Coupon, yeah)
I wanna fuck her on a futon
I got it out of Lennox, and it was a pretty penny, yeah (It ripped, couple grand)
I wanna see your body print all in it, yeah (Your print all in it, yeah)
I wanna see your muhfuckin' bitch in it, yeah (Yeah, I wanna see her)
I'ma nut, I wanna see babies swimmin' all in you
[Outro: Young Thug]
You dig it? I dig it (I dig it, swear)
With a golden shovel, yeah (On God)
With an iced out, not AP, but the Rollie bezel, yeah (Bling, blaow, yeah, hunnid racks)
Uh, show-n-tell it, yeah (Cash, cash)
A blind man ain't got business all at the movies, nigga, yeah (Blind man ain't got business)
A deaf man ain't got no business all in a band, nigga, yeah (Deaf man ain't go no business)
I'm just tryna count these bands, just gimme some racks, yeah, yeah (Yeah, gimme some bands, bands, bands)
Yeah, ah! (Yeah)
Agh! (Just gimme some bands, bands, bands, hey!)
Yeah...
